# Exam Notes (3/19/2025)

* The customer is responsible for EC2 patches.
* Services to look into:
    * AWS Trusted Advisor
    * AWS Security Competency Partners
    * AWS Shield
    * AWS GuardDuty
    * Amazon Inspector
    * Amazon Translate
    * Amazon Rekognition
    * Amazon Forecast
    * AWS License Manager
    * AWS rePost
        * Portal for AWS knowledge center. Troubleshooting, query resolution, AWS employee experts.
* IAM Credential Report lists all users in your account and the status of their various credentials (passwords, access keys, MFA devices). Helpfun in auditing and compliance efforts.
* Amazon Redshift, a cloud data warehouse solution, uses [columnar storage](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/dg/c_columnar_storage_disk_mem_mgmnt.html) for optimal analytic query performance. 
* DAX: DynamoDB Accelerator, a caching serivce for the aforementioned database. 
* NAT Gateway is for providing a private subnet connection to the internet.
* VPC peering = VPC -> VPC connection. [Read more.](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/peering/what-is-vpc-peering.html)
* Rehosting is the action of migrating an application onto the cloud with minimal changes.
* Outposts: AWS in your data center


## AWS Accounts
*Federated user*: An identity managed by an identity management system. Examples include SAML/OAuth/OpenID.

*Root user*: The account used to create the AWS account.

*IAM users/groups*: AWS service to control access to AWS resources. Used to set up admin, analyst, developer roles with required access.

